my name is courtney hester on behalf of expertvillage . they were talking about . scheduling computer time for your kids . it's important for your kids to have time limits on the computer and of course the amount of time is to the discretion . one of the parents . although . younger children do not need as much computer time as older children . want me to schedule time for your kids . is to have a chart especially if you have more than one and it would it will cut down on arguments over who . just turn it is and if they've had their computer time for the day . one chart i like to use is like this . this chart is set up for 9 weeks . and it's for my two children . and amanda has her computer time in the morning she can choose any time . and then heather can have her time in the afternoon . and the reason i like this chart is because it helps the kids . remember when they if they had their computer time for the day and it also helps me remember to . once a child has had their computer time for the day they put a sticker . for that spot . and this cuts down on the arguments on whether or not they got their computer time that day . computer time can also be a great incentive for doing chores or being on good behavior at school . i'm you can always give them extra computer time but also can be a good consequence for when their behavior is not . what you desire
you know i trip to the wilderness or the outdoors . can be a very enjoyable experience . however one of the problems that can be encountered on one of these trips . is an encounter with a common chigger . captain joe bernie . what i'm going to talk about is how to avoid . encounters with chiggers . i'm getting them removed from the body . in preparation to remove . where to keep chiggers from getting on the body in the first place clothing . tuck the pant legs into the socks . long sleeve shirts in areas where chiggers are known to have a habitat . are effective ways . to keep them from getting onto the body . you can also treat the ankle areas . armpit areas . waste . groin areas . with some type of . commercial chemical product containing deet . which is also used commonly for mosquito repellent . or even 100% sulfur powder . that can be purchased . at your local drugstore . applying sulfur powder . in the same areas the ankles the armpits the groin area . connelly chiggers . seek out and like to find . folds in skin . armpit areas . darius . after the trip is done . and you've arrived back to . your campsite . our place of occupancy . take a hot selfie shower removing all of the clothing . and then white areas after your shower . with alcohol rubbing alcohol or on a swab of alcohol . in those . areas that commonly chiggers go to . attention to folds in skin . and remember do not re wear the clothing . that you wore on your trip into the woods . until after they have been watered . i'm captain joe growney stay safe and we'll see you next time