with thanks and writing fluids we have lots of choices . if you got tonight story of fallacy got some different kinds of the thing that you want to look for . to look for names that's designed for pens not for painting or not for draw . recommend . how to make saline . and . winsor newton there's . which is used for drawing . and particularly nice for calligraphy because it has . sort of viscous texture . when you . make some nice . mary black . dance line you can see i'm getting the fence . extract . with the ink she really have lots of choices . i recommend lacking simply because . you don't got distracted by the density of the inca to riding
hi i'm koechlin . the creator of creativity nation hybrid . and i am here on behalf of expertvillage . now i'm going to show you a few christmas garland . from dried pasta . so when your pastor garland it's already dried . when it's time to put it . on the christmas tree . let's find . maybe a place here . then you just hang it over like that . you be allowed to get decoration . and of course if you have a longer one you can put it all around your christmas tree . and that will be beautiful . white is good fun because if you have . little bit older children you can make the christmas garland all together . because it's a good preparation for the children . they really look forward to . christmas and it would be very nice for them to make a christmas decoration or to make a christmas card . that you cannot be put on the christmas tree . so they can one dorito ryan christmas as they get older . you can see the improvement throughout the year so obviously they want me . the same christmas decoration at the age of three that they make at the age of 12 . and it's so nice . way of showing it on your christmas tree and put snow will the decorations around it . they can also surprise you . and also why you are busy in the kitchen making the christmas lunch . christmas dinner . you can occupy your children with this with this easygoing task . obviously don't give . the sharp . needle for your child because they can hurt themselves but they can easily use the pay . paint a can easily use that wool . they can easily use the pasta d i don't think versatile . of course some supervision is is important here . but if you if you supply them with a place where they can mess . at where they can make a mess then it's it's not a real problem . and it's a good free time activity before christmas you can just sit down listen to . christmas music . christmas songs christmas carols and then you can . you can do your knots . so . have a merry christmas