hi everybody i 'm john graden from the martial arts teacher 's association and johngraden.com . one of the questions i have been asked through the years how do you choose a martial art ? it really varies it depends on what your goal is . are you trying to get in better shape , do you want to learn self defense , do you want to compete or are you just interested in the mental benefits of the martial arts offer you , mental benefits such as self confidence , self discipline , self control , respect , so there is a lot of variables . in my mind when people say what style is best , what style should i do the only style that is really important is the teaching style of the instructor . so how do you choose a good martial arts ? it is really more about choosing a good martial arts instructor , it 's about choosing a good martial arts school , so when you are going to make the decision make sure first you know what your goal is . if you really want a strong self defense oriented system you want to be working with an instructor who may have a police background a law enforcement background , some practical application in street self defense . if you are just looking to become a martial artist or a good black belt here is the key . you want to go and visit and watch the students , watch the beginner students and study in particular the teaching style of the instructor . how does that instructor interact with the students , how does that instructor conduct a class ? then go look at the advanced students . we want to make sure that they 're impressive , we want to make sure that they 're in shape , we want to make sure there is lots of them . what does that mean if there is lots of advanced students ? that means the school has a high retention . that means that it is a good school or she is a good instructor and she is able to keep her students for a long time . when you have a school that has lots of brown and black belts and they are impressive then you know you have an instructor that has a curriculum designed to keep students in the school so the teaching style is the most important style of any martial art . there are a variety of different styles , tai kwon do , kempo , kung fu , karate , i 'm not that interested in the style , i 'm interested in the teacher , making sure that teacher can help me or you to reach your goals . i 'm john graden for the martial arts teacher 's association . thanks . tune in for more martial arts excitement . thanks .
we 're going to continue with the remainder of her quadrants which is quadrant no . 4 , and this is the section right here . i 'm going to use a little bit of water . it 's very important that you keep the hair moist , because the hair stretches . so , what we 're going to do with this section is we 're going to do the exact same thing that we did with quadrant no . 1 , okay . i 'm going to place shelly facing me , i 'm going to take my first subsection , brush her hair down , comb it down , bring it straight up and the section that i 'm going to use as a guide , will be the one from quadrant no . 1. bring it straight up . remember from where it grows , this is not going forward , this is not going backward , this is going straight up . and cut to my previous guide . you see that right there ? if you ca n't find your subsection , if you can not find the previous guide , all you have to do is bring the hair that you are about to cut back and you will find that the previous guide is right there , and that is your guide for this subsection . cut to that , right there . section no . 3 , straight up , same manner and cut to the previous guide . this is my last section for quadrant no . 4. i want you to see how this is perfectly coming from , straight from where the hair grows . see my comb right there , align to the subsection ? that is how it needs to be . okay . you do n't want to bring it backwards , you do n't want to bring it forward . you bring it straight out . if you need to use your comb to measure that , place it right there and cut to the previous guide . that 's it , the layers are done .